
TOC:
    ABOUT
    HOW TO PLAY
    ENEMIES
    HIGH SCORE
    SCORING (arcade and dual modes)
    CHALLENGE MODE

ABOUT

The game's name is Orbital Chaos. Email me at hakusa@gmail.com with any
comments, i'll be glad to hear them. If "Source Code" means anything to you,
you can grab it at https://github.com/splinterofchaos/Gravity-Battle.

HOW TO PLAY

When you first start up, you will be in the center of the screen (press WASD to
move). If you go to the top of the screen, arcade mode will start, the bottom
will start dual mode, and to the right is challenge mode. Nothing is to the
left.

In arcade mode, you spawn at the center of the screen, then enemies spawn so
that they may kill you. They will orbit around you, like the earth orbits the
sun. If they hit you, you die. If they hit each other, they die. 

It may be difficult to understand how they move for beginners. Edit config.txt
to permanently add prediction lines, or fallow the in-game instructions on the
menu screen to temporarily enable them. Intermediate players may want to trade
the prediction line for the gravity line. 

If you have performance troubles, especially after collisions, edit config.txt
and change the variable "particleRatio".

ENEMIES

The blue enemies are orbitals. The red ovals are twisters. The big grey ones are stoppers.

When a stopper collides with another enemy is will enter stopped mode, and when
it is hit again it leave stopped mode and start moving again. If the player
collides with it while in stopped mode, it will explode, but if it's not in
stopped mode, the player will die.

HIGH SCORE

High scores are kept in Highscores.txt. It is easily edited, so scores are
based on the honor system. A randomized name is assigned to your score if it
makes it into Highscores.txt, and all high scores will be printed when you die.
At the time of this writing, they will remain on screen for 20 seconds. If you
made a new high score, that score will be highlighted and you can edit
Highscores.txt to replace the name for that score with your own. There is no
restriction on length, but there should be no spaces in the name.

SCORING (arcade and dual modes)

You are rewarded mostly for keeping enemies alive. Each enemy will give a
certain number of points per second (PPS), as well as a certain number of
points on death. The points per second is multiplied by the number of enemies
on screen squared. The full equation is
    PPS = (sum of each enemy's PPS) * (number of enemies)^2
Note that stoppers in stopped mode do not accumulate points.

 ENEMY  | Per second | At death
-------------------------------
Stopper |    1.0     |   4
Orbital |    0.5     |   2
Twister |    1.5     |   6

Note that stoppers are more valuable than orbitals. If you have a stopped
stopper and an orbital on screen, sacrificing the orbital to start the stopper
will increase your PPS.

Examples:
If there is one orbital on screen:
    PPS = 0.5 * 1^2 = 0.5
If there is one orbital and one twister:
    PPS = (0.5+1.5) * 2^2 = 2*4 = 8

CHALLENGE MODE

As of this moment, challenge mode consists only of a package delivery
mini-game, where you guide a package to a goal. Challenge mode is intended to
teach the player how orbits work and how to control them. It may be difficult,
but each level demonstrates a different technique that must be mastered and the
lessons learned carry over to arcade and dual mode.

None of the levels are impossible, but they are all challenging.

You can modify the existing levels by editing any of the files in
challenge\package\. The game will start at level0, then level1, 2, 3, and so
on. When it reaches a number for which there is no level, currently, it will
repeat the last level; but rest assured: if you add a higher level, it WILL be
in the game.

As of this writing, fasted times are kept, but not displayed in-game. To view
your fastest times, look at the files in challenge\package-times\. Most levels
can be as short as a second, but some can take over ten.
